Fix filled EuiButton in EuiControlBar (#2781)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

**Bug fixes**

- Increased column width on `EuiTableHeaderCellCheckbox` to prevent `EuiCheckbox`'s focus ring from getting clipped in `EuiBasicTable` ([#2770](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2770))

> - Fixed filled `EuiButton`s in `EuiControlBar` ([#2781](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2781))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the display of `EuiButton` within `EuiControlBar` when `fill={true}` to be more consistent with other buttons ([#2781](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/2781))
```
